Clarify terms, query intervals and impacts (#469)
owncloud/docs-client-desktop: modules/ROOT/pages/advanced_usage/configuration_file.adoc

== Section `[ownCloud]`

See the xref:faq.adoc#clarification-of-terms-used[Clarification of Terms Used] for an in-depth explanation. Note that the default values are always set and used unless you change them.

[width="100%",cols="45%,^25%,100%",options="header"]
|===
| Variable
| Default
| Meaning 

| `remotePollInterval` 
| `30000` +
(30s)

> | The interval in milliseconds the Desktop app polls the server for changes. If not set explicitly via the Desktop app, the Desktop app queries the server if a server-side default is present. 

Reviewer: Client doesn't poll every 30s, but 30s after the last sync. (makes a difference if sync takes a while)

Author: fixed

> | The interval in milliseconds the Desktop app polls the server for changes. If not set explicitly via the Desktop app, the Desktop app queries the server if a server-side default is present. 

Author: ```suggestion
| The interval in milliseconds after the last sync the Desktop app polls the server for changes. If not set explicitly via the Desktop app, the Desktop app queries the server if a server-side default is present. 
```

| `forceSyncInterval` 
| `7200000` +
(2h)
| The interval in milliseconds after which a synchronization is triggered automatically if no regular synchronization activity took place. This enforcement ensures that there is a mandatory synchronization independent of the server's polling response.

| `fullLocalDiscoveryInterval` 
| `3600000` +
(1h)
| The interval in milliseconds after which the Desktop app will perform a full local discovery. Any changes found trigger a synchronization.

| `notificationRefreshInterval` 
| `300000` +

> (30s)

Author: ```suggestion
(5min)
```
missed the last digit 🤦‍♂️

> | The interval in milliseconds in which the Desktop app checks the server for new notifications. 

Reviewer: Client doesn't poll every 30s, but 30s after the last sync. (makes a difference if sync takes a while)

Reviewer: 300000ms = 5 Minutes

Author: fixed

== Section `[ownCloud]`

> See the xref:faq.adoc#clarification-of-terms-used[Clarification of Terms Used] to get an indepth explanation
> about the terms. Note that the default values are always set and used unless you change them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the xref:faq.adoc#clarification-of-terms-used[Clarification of Terms Used] for an in-depth explanation
of the terms. Note that the default values are always set and used unless you change them.
```

I think "of the terms" is redundant.

Author: I have updated the text to remove the redundancy.

> about the terms. Note that except one wants to set different values, the defaults are always present and used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
about the terms. Note that the default values are always set and used unless you change them.
```

[width="100%",cols="45%,^25%,100%",options="header"]
|===
| Variable
| Default
| Meaning 

| `remotePollInterval` 
| `30000` +
(30s)

> | The interval in milliseconds the Desktop app polls the server for changed data. If not set explicitly via the Desktop app, the Desktop app queries the server for a server sided default if present. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| The interval in milliseconds the Desktop app polls the server for changed data. If not set explicitly via the Desktop app, the Desktop app queries the server if a server-side default is present. 
```

| `forceSyncInterval` 
| `7200000` +
(2h)

> | The interval in milliseconds after which a synchronization is triggered automatically if no regular synchronisation activity took place. This enforcement takes care that there is a mandatory synchronisation independent of the servers polling response.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| The interval in milliseconds after which a synchronization is triggered automatically if no regular synchronization activity took place. This enforcement ensures that there is a mandatory synchronization independent of the server's polling response.
```

| `fullLocalDiscoveryInterval` 
| `3600000` +
(1h)

> | The interval in milliseconds after which the Desktop app will perform a full local discovery. Any changes found trigger a synchronisation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| The interval in milliseconds after which the Desktop app will perform a full local discovery. Any changes found trigger a synchronization.
```

| `notificationRefreshInterval` 
| `300000` +
(30s)

> | The interval in milliseconds in which the Desktop app checks for new server notifications. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| The interval in milliseconds in which the Desktop app checks the server for new notifications. 
```

"new" might be redundant, too.

> | The interval in milliseconds where the Desktop app checks for new server notifications. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| The interval in milliseconds in which the Desktop app checks for new server notifications. 
```
